Repackage for CLI use + add debug / deploy support (#73)
paulotruta/alexa-skill-llm-intent: README.md

- **? Choose a modeling stack for your skill:**  `Interaction Model`
- **? Choose the programming language you will use to code your skill:**  `Python`
- **? Choose a method to host your skill's backend resources:**  `Alexa Hosted`

>*⚠️ If you don't choose the specified options on the New Skill Wizard, the process could fail as this template is made to run an Interaction Model skill in Python, while the Makefile method currently only supports Alexa Hosted skills.*

The skill will start being created:
```
🎯 Creating a new hosted skill target

Please follow the wizard to start your Alexa skill project ->
? Choose a modeling stack for your skill:  Interaction Model
  The Interaction Model stack enables you to define the user interactions with a combination of utterances, intents, and slots.
? Choose the programming language you will use to code your skill:  Python
? Choose a method to host your skill's backend resources:  Alexa-hosted skills
  Host your skill code by Alexa (free).
? Choose the default region for your skill:  eu-west-1
? Please type in your skill name:  gemini flash
? Please type in your folder name for the skill project (alphanumeric):  geminiflash

> ⠧ Creating your Alexa hosted skill. It will take about a minute.

Reviewer: given the stability with Alexa right now we perhaps should include some notes around this. Not sure what we should write though :/

Author: Good idea, added a note below ;)

7. Select the zip file with the contents of this repository.
8. Click "Save" and "Build Model". The skill should be ready to use.

For more information, check the documentation here: [Importing a Skill into the Alexa Developer Console](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/hosted-skills/alexa-hosted-skills-create.html#create-console).

### Using the Ask CLI

Run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
ask new --template-url https://github.com/paulotruta/alexa-skill-llm-intent.git
```

This will use the contents of this repository to create a new Alexa Skill project in your account. Fill the required information in the wizard, and the project will be created.

```
Please follow the wizard to start your Alexa skill project ->
? Choose a modeling stack for your skill:  Interaction Model
  The Interaction Model stack enables you to define the user interactions with a combination of    utterances, intents, and slots.
? Choose a method to host your skill's backend resources:  Alexa-hosted skills
  Host your skill code by Alexa (free).                                                            ? Choose the default region for your skill:  eu-west-1

> ? Please type in your skill name:  test import llm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
? Please type in your skill name:  llm intent
```

> ? Please type in your folder name for the skill project (alphanumeric):  testimportllm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
? Please type in your folder name for the skill project (alphanumeric):  llm-intent
```

⠼ Creating your Alexa hosted skill. It will take about a minute.
```

After the project is created, you can deploy it to your Alexa Developer Console by running:

```bash

> cd testimportllm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd llm-intent
```
